Source: Telegram Channel Post
Channel: @paiziev24
Post ID: 1520
Date: 2025-09-08T16:30:09+00:00
Language: en
URL: https://t.me/paiziev24/1520
Views: 11.6K

Build the Gen AI driven Digital Worker with us @ Numeo.ai (http://Numeo.ai/) !

Yo folks! We are expanding :). I have 5 new Junior to Mid engineer positions.

Responsibilities:
- Independently develop and maintain backend services, with some front-end work (React MUI JS).
- Design scalable, secure backend infrastructure.
- Actively communicate progress and roadblocks with the team.

Requirements:
- Mid: 4+ years in software engineering
- Jun: 1+ years  in software engineering
- Some experience with modern LLMs
- Strong Node.js expertise. Some Python experience.
- Proactive, takes full ownership, excellent communication skills.
- Experience with Cloud offerings. We use: GCP for compute and storage, Azure for inference.

Culture:
We are a very fast growing startup that is aiming to become the next unicorn. We learn fast and a lot. We deliver at light speeds. We provide personalized growth programs for our engineers to develop their hard and soft skills. We organise weekly book clubs and brown bag sessions to raise expertise of our engineers across the board.
We work very long hours. We take pride in hard work. If you are looking for a 9-5 job, this position is not definitely for you. If you are prioritizing work life balance at your stage of life, Numeo is not a right choice for you.
We are Observability and Customer obsessed! We tackle really cool challenges every single day!
If the above is something you want and be part of, let's talk! Send me your resume with examples of your work. We understand this role might not be for everyone.

We offer:
- Remote, potential relocation to the US after a year (We sponsor).
- Base salary and performance based stock. (We want to share the part of the company with our folks who will have a deep skin in the game. We have allocated 12% of the company for ESOP)
- Jun: 600$-1500$, Mid: 1500$-2700$
- I am looking for an engineer who wants to be part of the story. If you are looking for a high paid job with lean back lifestyle, I respect it and perhaps this role might not be a good fit for you 🙏.
We are building a dream team and we want to ensure to bring high caliber engineers to the team. We need to understand your learning skills and the quality of your day to day work.

Send CV to: jobs@numeo.ai
